[Music]
you've been in isolation what do you
think about that I'm not good with
people
dad oh yeah I just need you to sign this
how long have you been in prison 12
years and how long from the thought of
the crime to the actual crime
[Music]
splits again
that's a dangerous animal
if you can stay in there for more than
five seconds you're in the program nice
food the whole purpose is to learn how
to break these wild horses and
ultimately a rehabilitation already I
stepped into an AB
you might be a cowboy doctor it covered
up my soul first time our goal is to
experience empathy that's it easy and to
be open to our faults if you want to
control your horse first you got to
control yourself I've worked with horses
a long time
some you can break some you kid
there you go I was a kid
and you left me alone wasn't an accident
even riding horses can change anything
I'm not who I used to be
[Music]